I'll let you open your eyes first
An 800-year-old Ganoderma lucidum plant
It's worth a billion dollars.
Hmph, ask for the gift of the Holy Venerable Ceremony
Jiangnan Chen Family presents a set of blue franc silk
Value 2 billion
Jiangnan Liu Chang offers 20% of Liu's Group shares
Value 2.50 billion
Trash, did you see that?
This is the gap between you and us
We can see the prince's honor
And you don't even have the qualifications to enter
Who says I can't get in?
I also prepared a copy of etiquette
OK
I'm dying of laughter.
He kept saying that he wanted to kill the prince to make weapons
Don't you want to curry favor with the prince in the end?
I see it now.
He didn't come here today to beg for death
He is asking for forgiveness from the prince
Hahaha waste is waste
But you know what you're doing.
But it's not rubbish.
Gifts that can be used to enter the Great Ceremony of the Holy Venerable
Hello
Open it for everyone to see
Let's see what gift you can serve easily
Open it and take a look.
Jiangnan left home
Dedicated to Shen Ling, Prince of the North
One head up